How to apply for a Knox Guard account.
As a new Knox Guard customer, the first step is to connect with a Samsung account rep.
They'll guide you in selecting the domain that best aligns with your business requirements
and configure your account for optimal functionality.
If you don't already have a Knox Guard account rep, you can go to samsungknox.com
and click Contact Sales.
Once your account rep is assigned, you can begin the Knox Guard registration process.
Start by visiting samsungknox.com and clicking Get started.
On the next page, click Try Samsung Knox services, then click Next.
On the product selection page, click Knox Guard, then click Next.
On the following page, register your company using a Samsung account for Business.
If you're new to Samsung Knox, you'll need to sign up for a new account.
For a detailed walkthrough of the sign-up process,
check out our "Getting started with Samsung account for Business" how-to video.
If you've already signed up for a Samsung account for Business,
you can click Sign in.
After you've signed up for Samsung account for Business,
you'll need to apply for Knox services.
Once you complete the application and agree to the Knox Guard terms and conditions,
you'll be prompted to select a domain.
Click Get started to proceed,
then carefully review the available options and
choose the domain that best suits your business needs.
Important!
Domain selections are permanent and cannot be changed after registration.
After confirming your domain selection,
your application will be sent to the Samsung Knox team for approval.
You'll receive an email confirmation once your application is approved.
If you also signed up for Samsung account for Business during this process,
you must wait for a Samsung admin to approve your company's registration.
Once everything is approved,
you can log into the Knox Guard console and begin utilizing
its features to secure and manage your devices.
To learn more about Knox Guard domains, see our other videos in the series,
or check out our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!